Add page on serial execution (#9297)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/controlling-serial-execution-across-your-organization.adoc

. Consider using more specific serial group naming conventions that include branch or environment information.

=== Still experiencing resource conflicts?

If you are still experiencing resource conflicts despite using serial groups, check the following:

. Make your serial group values more specific by adding project or environment identifiers.
. Verify that all projects accessing the shared resource are properly configured with the same serial group.
. Check for jobs outside your serial group that might be accessing the same resources.

== Limitations of serial groups

Serial groups provide powerful orchestration capabilities, but they do have limitations. Understanding these constraints will help you plan your CI/CD strategy more effectively.

=== No workflow-level configuration

Serial groups can only be applied at the job level. You cannot configure an entire workflow to run as a serial group. Each job that needs serialization must have the `serial-group` key individually specified. This means you cannot wrap a collection of jobs with a single serial group declaration.

=== No multiple keys in a single workflow

> Using identical serial group values multiple times within the same workflow can result in compilation errors. Each serial group key within a workflow should be unique to prevent conflicts in the execution order.

Reviewer: This won't be a compilation error, but it might have unexpected behaviour due to the way the jobs join the queue, which can cause more `not_run` jobs than expected.

=== Job state transitions

Jobs in a serial group move through several states:

* First, the job enters a "queued" state.
* Once a job starts (reaches its place in the queue) it transitions to a "running" state.
* Upon completion (whether successfully, with failure, or by cancellation) the next job in the queue starts. The queue continues to process jobs even if some jobs fail.

=== Time limits

To prevent indefinite waits, jobs can remain in the queue for up to five hours. After this time, CircleCI automatically cancels the waiting job and removes it from the queue.

This architecture provides a robust system for coordinating work across your organization while maintaining execution order integrity and preventing deployment conflicts or race conditions in shared environments.

== Serial Groups in the CircleCI UI

When using serial groups in your CircleCI configuration, sequential group start and end blocks are visible when viewing your workflow graphs.

=== Identifying serial groups

Serial group jobs are displayed in the CircleCI web app in workflow graphs with the following visual elements:

> * A job in a serial group is preceded by a block with a lock icon to show the start of the serial group. A serial group end block follows the job.

Reviewer: ~~ Should this be key icon? Similar mentions below, but I won't comment on all of them.

```suggestion
* A job in a serial group is preceded by a block with a key icon to show the start of the serial group. A serial group end block follows the job.
```

Author: Oh yes good spot! Thanks

+

> TIP: Hover over the serial group start and end blocks to view additional information about the serial group status and the `serial-group` key.

Reviewer: End blocks don't display this information.

```suggestion
TIP: Hover over the serial group start block to view additional information about the serial group status and the `serial-group` key.
```
